= Fundry

== Description

A failed crowd funding solution for developers. Kickstarter kicked us in the pants on that one.
The code is quite antiquated but may be useful to someone somewhere.

== Deployment notes

=== Dependencies

* Repositories, add these to /etc/apt/sources.list and run sudo apt-get update
    deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/gijzelaar/opencv2/ubuntu lucid main
    deb-src http://ppa.launchpad.net/gijzelaar/opencv2/ubuntu lucid main
    deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/deepfryed/ppa/ubuntu lucid main
    deb-src http://ppa.launchpad.net/deepfryed/ppa/ubuntu lucid main

* Install ruby, associated libraries and others
    sudo apt-get install ruby1.9.1 ruby1.9.1-dev libopenssl-ruby1.9.1 libopencv-dev libsasl2-dev sphinxsearch

* Install postgresql-8.4 and libs
    sudo apt-get postgresql-8.4 postgresql-client-8.4 libpq-dev

* Install memcached, varnish and nginx
    sudo apt-get install varnish memcached nginx
    sudo /etc/init.d/varnish stop
    sudo /etc/init.d/nginx   stop

* XML and other shit libraries (for nokogiri etc)
    sudo apt-get install libxml2-dev libxslt1-dev

* Install bundler, some stable version or one that works like (0.8.1). I'll leave it as an exercise for
  you to suffer.

* Create a new user that unicorn will run under.
    sudo adduser <user>
    sudo chown -R <user>:<user> /var/www

* Switch to <user>
    su - <user>

* Generate ssh keys and add the id_rsa.pub to authorized keys in github.
    ssh-keygen

=== XXX Credentials.

Search for XXX, You'll need credentials for:

* Paypal.
* Google analytics.

=== Initial deployment

    cd /var/www
    git clone git@github.com:stateless-systems/fundry
    cd fundry
    git checkout -b stable origin/stable
    gem bundle --cached
    cp config/hooks/post-merge .git/hooks
    chmod a+x .git/hooks/post-merge

Setting up varnish and nginx

    sudo rm -f /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/default /etc/nginx/nginx.conf
    sudo ln -s $PWD/config/fundry.production.conf /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/fundry
    sudo ln -s $PWD/config/nginx.sample.conf /etc/nginx/nginx.conf

Make any changes necessary to /etc/nginx/nginx.conf

    sudo ln -s $PWD/config/varnish.default /etc/defaults/varnish
    sudo ln -s $PWD/config/varnish.vcl /etc/varnish/default.vcl

    sudo /etc/init.d/varnish restart
    sudo /etc/init.d/nginx   restart

Startup unicorn

   ./bin/fundry-unicorn -E production start

Setup cronjob to pull production deployments

    crontab -r
    cat config/cron/* | crontab -

=== Sphinx setup

    sudo ln -s $PWD/config/sphinx.conf /etc/sphinxsearch/sphinx.conf
    sudo /etc/init.d/sphinxsearch restart

=== Postgresql config & setup

Undocumented.

=== Mailserver setup

Undocumented.

=== Monit setup

Undocumented.

=== Subsequent deployments

* login to the database server and run any migrations you need to.
* push stuff to stable branch and go have beer.
* but check your inbox to make sure everything went ok.
